docs(windows): Initial commit - README.md (#5119)
keymanapp/keyman: windows/src/desktop/README.md

> # Keyman, for Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keyman for Windows
```

> Formerly called "Keyman Desktop" now called "Keyman" to harmonyze with other OSes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formerly called "Keyman Desktop", now called "Keyman" to harmonize with other platforms.
```

# help

> Contains all the help mark down documents for Keyman. It can build both microsft compiled help chm or HTML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains all the help documents in Markdown format for Keyman for Windows. It can build both compiled help chm or HTML format.
```

# inst - keymandesktop.msi

Building and signing of the installation archive keymandesktop.msi

# insthelp - insthelp.exe

> Builds a executable to install the help system - insthelp.exe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds a helper executable to do various installation tasks - insthelp.exe.
```

# kmbrowserhost - kmbrowserhost.exe

> This creates a web browser to test keyboard designs - kmbrowserhost.exe is the chromium embedded framework (CEF) host process executable. CEF uses a multi-process model and subprocesses are hosted in kmbrowserhost.exe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kmbrowserhost.exe is the chromium embedded framework (CEF) host process executable. CEF uses a multi-process model and subprocesses are hosted in kmbrowserhost.exe.
```

# kmconfig

> Used for keyman configuration. Configuration can be imported from a json file or exported to a json file. Individual settings can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used for configuration of advanced Keyman settings. Configuration can be imported from a json file or exported to a json file. Individual settings can be set.
```

# kmshell - Kmshell.exe

Keyman configuration tool that can be run from the command line with arguments to automate a number of tasks.
For example installing and uninstalling keyboards.

# locale

> TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User interface strings in various languages
```

# setup

> Installation program for installing and initial setup of Keyman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation program for installing and initial setup of Keyman. A wrapper for keymandesktop.msi that also automates keyboard downloads and update downloads.
```
